UNR-1673 - Update workflow diagrams (#1192)
spatialos/UnrealGDK: SpatialGDK/Documentation/content/cloud-deployment-workflow.md

### Launch cloud deployment

There are two ways to launch a cloud deployment:

#### Using the Editor toolbar 

> Click Deploy in the Spatial editor toolbar and fill out the snapshot, assembly, and deployment name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click Deploy in the SpatialOS editor toolbar and enter the snapshot, assembly, and deployment name.
```
